docs: document service level jwt (#1799)
lightbend/kalix-jvm-sdk: docs/src/modules/java/pages/using-jwts.adoc

This section describes the practical aspects of using JSON Web Tokens (JWTs) with the Java SDK, if you are not sure what JWTs are, how they work or how to generate them, see https://docs.kalix.io/security/jwts.html[JSON Web Tokens] first.

> Kalix's JWT support is configured by placing annotations on methods in your endpoints or at the component type level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kalix's JWT support is configured by placing annotations on methods in your endpoints or at the component class level.
```

Author: I have switched back and forth a few times. When defining an annotation, we need to say that it can be added to a type as oppose to a method or field. Hence the idea of referring to it as type-level annotations. 

But let's go with class. It's probably better.

include::example$java-spring-doc-snippets/src/main/java/com/example/jwt/JWTAction.java[tag=bearer-token-claims]
----

=== Configuring JWT at component level

The above examples show how to configure a JWT token on a method.

> JWT configurations can also be shared between all methods of a component by specifying them at type level. The annotation will then be applied to all methods in that component. Method-level annotations take precedence over type-level annotations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JWT configurations can also be shared between all methods of a component by specifying them on the class. The annotation will then be applied to all methods in that component. Method-level annotations take precedence over class-level annotations.
```

[source, java, indent=0]
----
include::example$java-spring-doc-snippets/src/main/java/com/example/jwt/HelloJwtAction.java[tag=bearer-token]
----
<1> A type level JWT annotation is added to the class requiring a bearer token issuer named `my-issuer`.

> <2> The method `message` inherits the JWT configuration from the type level annotation and therefore will require a token issued by `my-issuer`.
> <3> The method `messageWithIssuer` overwrites the type level annotation and requires a different token issuer, i.e.: `my-other-issuer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> The method `message` inherits the JWT configuration from the class-level annotation and therefore will require a token issued by `my-issuer`.
<3> The method `messageWithIssuer` overwrites the class-level annotation and requires a different token issuer, i.e.: `my-other-issuer`.
```
